So where is Nazism you jump USSR base
America And what is
Nazism Yes since the fourteenth year there are
American troops troops in Ukraine So
what is Nazism Well America Let's say even
if there are American troops And what is
Nazism Benro Benders Benders what
Benderoni syu People against Russia this is
the current  territory of the Soviet Union
and the Soviet Union was gone In
ninety-
one Hello Hello You are 18
years old yes
yes I am from the city of Almaty Kazakhstan Where are you
from Moscow And in Moscow Where did you come from
not where from Moscow understood and what are
you talking about here just came in
and I look I am from Almaty but I  I talk to
Russians and Ukrainians about the war between them.
This is how you feel about Russia
attacking
Ukraine. I think
put it down. And what is
positive about Ukraine not being
Nazi.
Justify it.
Well, Ukraine has become a Nazi
country. What does this
mean in terms of
enormous power, that
Lilya, the power of people, is a Nazi really?
when people have when people have power
it means bad yes Well, do you think
Zelensky is this  awesome president
no-no about Nazis Just tell me what is
Nazism in Ukraine Well, do you think that
Zelensky is president I don't know I look
I live in Kazakhstan I don't rate her as a
president Ukrainians rate her Yes but
what is Nazism in Ukraine I don't see from Kazakhstan
what is Nazism in Ukraine what is
Nazism there Ukraine I have a question Donbass
Ukraine Bombed Bombed since the
fourteenth year Bombed Lugansk and
Donetsk not so it is because of their own
people not this you tell
these tales to Ukrainians We in Kazakhstan know we
were shown on TV that Russia
captured  Crimea Donetsk Lugansk and since the
fourteenth year there has been a war between
Russia and Ukraine the whole world understands
this I am telling these fables to the Ukrainians I am
from Kazakhstan I understand everything perfectly
I have relatives too yes there are in
Ukraine and in Russia Yes there are in Kurakhovo
Donetsk region and  there is in Belgorod
So don't tell me they told me everything
perfectly well too
Ukraine is the territory of the current USSR
so what does Nazism have to do with it well
why did Putin attack Ukraine
you said because the Nazis I'm
asking where the Nazis are
[music]
well Kazakhstan is also a territory of the former
USSR Russia is a territory of the former USSR and what's good is
Kazakhstan has no
outcaste  to the Russian
Federation What is
rejection I just feel bad with Russian
bad influence if Zelensky wanted to
join NATO before the war before the expulsion started by
Putin So we have Kazakhstan
also wants to join NATO and what we are also
considering we submitted an application for NATO membership
10 years ago  also
considering We want to join NATO And
what to join Only Russia also
has no rejection of Kazakhstan And
why does Ukraine have Ukraine wants to
join
them they have a new ruler they have a new
president who is completely against the
Russian Federation who let
NATO troops into their territory What
NATO troops  territory of Ukraine You're
kidding ter
Ukraine in American troops where is at least
one American base on the territory of
Ukraine tell me and what we have
flying on the territory of Russia now is not this
look the war has started  no look the
war has started and all countries are helping
Ukraine tell me tell me where was there at least one
American base on Ukrainian territory
where in what city they don't have their own
troops Ukraine again look again where
was the American base You attacked
Ukraine where they had an American base  base
I don't know I'm not a military man Okay good
Now let's go back to what you
said about Nazism in Ukraine So where is
Nazism you jump USSR base America And what is
Nazism since what year are there American
troops So what is Nazism Well let's say
even if there are American troops And
what is Nazism hips hips that
benro completely People against Russia this is the
current territory of the Soviet Union
Note the Soviet Union was gone in the year
Kazakhstan we were the last to leave you Russia
Ukraine and Belarus left signed in
Belovezhskaya Pushcha that the Soviet Union
ran away we Kazakhstan  Heirs of the
Soviet Union We are the last republic
that left the Soviet
Union You ran away earlier These are our lands and
these are lands Stop Stop Stop Stop Wait
More Moscow is the territory of the Golden
Horde Kazakh ancestral
lands  paid tribute to us Kazakhs these
were our territories
I will say so Russian Federation in
principle here are people Yes I don't know how the
government people never had against here
before the war what what people had against
Ukraine against Ukraine had against
constantly I know Listen I have
relatives in Belgorod
Yes they do yes they say these In short
further Look how much your Zhirinovsky has
been saying since the nineties We need a nuclear
bomb on Ukraine to teach them a lesson Yes
Putin And you are you satisfied with the fact that the whole
world is once
again whit are you satisfied with the fact that the whole
world is ruled by America is satisfied America is the
richest richest  the country is like a
normal democratic country not
like Russia downtrodden poor and it is
uh totalitarian
And let's go back to Nazism
Banderovites America don't run away Tell me
where in Ukraine is Nazism and how does it
manifest itself
in all people people that
people there are a lot of people who are
against how  minimum authorities of other countries
We have never had anything against Ukraine once again
what is Nazism at all Come on, you
open your mouth And say what's in Ukraine
nazism I have not seen I am from Kazakhstan I have
never seen in Ukraine nazism what is
nazism explain I have never seen
[music]
nazism of Ukraine explain do you think that
it is not What is nazism let's do it maybe
we are different things What is nazism it's good
if I don't know  explain So you say
this term Explain to me explain how you
think what you are
saying now I think just
explain about Nazism what is Nazism
which in
Ukraine fascists were
e
ri e in the World Cup Nazism in Ukraine in the
World Cup in everything Well specifically explain in what
specifics in what How does
this Nazism manifest itself in these people and the power
here is Nazism if people are committed to the
policies of America And what does Nazism have to do with the
fact that they should have their own country and
their own state to which they look like that
They are Ukrainians Well, I don't care We
Kazakhs they are Ukrainians they want to
be friends with America and France it's their business
what difference does it make to you what does Nazism have to do with it to be friends
or not to be friends This is this  look right
right of the state to be friends or not to be friends
So what is the Nazism of Ukraine
slami no You because not Vladimir
Vladimirovich This is telling me now And
you with your mouth Russian m said that Nazism
in Ukraine then
where on the whole
territory In what it
manifests I can not say  Well, since you
don't give Answer for your bazaar
[music]
life without without any Coca-Cola without
super you live in Russia without Coca-Cola
What does Nazism in Ukraine have to do with it, that
is, Nazism in Ukraine it was Coca-Cola
in Russia in general to me in general  obligatory that there is
Ukraine So explain why you say
that there is Nazism in Ukraine because I have not
heard about it So what was this Nazism
that
they told you I can not
say that no you say I have heard that
you have heard
this has been going on for what year already, the third year I must
about this  remember I'm a politician what kind of Nazism have
you heard in Ukraine What are you hearing about I
don't remember I don't
remember I'm not a politician I don't remember politics
for 3 years So why are you
broadcasting this nonsense then Well I  I
'm telling you in general No, well, you're telling me
why you're not a politician but you're saying
something about Nazism in Ukraine So what's
Nazism there, I see there's
Nazism in Russia, there are non-Russians there Yes,
why are they needed Well, that's it  you have
Nazism you have Nazism in Russia you yes you yes
you yes yes and that's why America is the
most democratic in my in my city
there is a warehouse of Valbris we have
enough of
them why do we need them if we have Russia we
have Russians they should  so Russia is a
multinational country well when
they behave normally then it is a
multinational country If they kuho have
you seen anyone croku ikho Well these are
Tajiks having fun this is such an
Arab Well there was no end to it end there are
people working there What do you have
against it  I have nothing against them
but if they behave normally
you understand Look if I come to
my city
Yes you
said If I come to your city and
start causing chaos at least
stores start some kind of shopping
center you think this is  normal and how do
you feel about
Chechens then I say In each in each Well
Chechens are not They are not Russian Look I am
not
saying anything I understand that they are not
Russian And what kind of shake so look I am and
Chechen I think yes And what did you think for so long
there is Ramzan
Kadyrov I don't know How he behaves So
stop
Chen not everything is the same there are people in every
nation there are people so PPP for you everyone
was somehow not Russian And now in short
you start on the Chechens And here
such if Naval will come to work for us
in  country yes to my city to work what
if they lead adequacy working
any person
will be and Russians do lawlessness
of course among
Russians truth wait then Russians also
exist no
There are priest you say those who do
lawlessness
[music]
t all people should be in society
with normal  people are not Who are they
explain people
- not of the
origin where they were born For example,
if Russians are born in my city Well,
this is someone who came there here but
behaves  inadequate Stop Stop let's do it this way
if you Yes what are you Kazakh I am Kazakh Yes
fine you came to my city I will beat you up
nobody will respect you wait one more time
let's do it Chechens who are citizens of the
Russian Federation they have the right to
live in your city yes in my city maybe
live Any
person once again then who are they in your opinion
he came he behaves inappropriately
Well if if yes if a Russian from
Saratov came to you in Moscow and vet
inadequacy
[music]
inadequate person so who is
he at least
from countries further
south then this  it turns out that it is not the one who behaves
inappropriately that
you take by nationality Well, probably still yes Yeah That
is, these are just
insults yes southern nationalities
people who behave inappropriately in
relation to people where they came I
understood everything I understood that is it turns out that A what is it
called well and  what is the name for
example of Russian people who behave
inappropriately? And why?  you can't call those
southern people who behave
inappropriately the same way. Why do they need a
separate name? I don't know. It just
happened that way. We need to look
at this after you. Okay, and how do you feel about
Russian girls marrying
Chechens?
That's probably their right, too. Well, that's it.  you
can't forbid people like yours Well
you can no no How do you feel about it you ca
n't forbid it How do you
think you can forbid everything we are not the government
Well I think it's probably positive it's
their choice again to start How to get
married or not get married or
start a marriage you need to understand  What kind of
person
are you dealing with? What kind of person are you
dealing with? Do you think that
Russians or anyone else should live in Moscow?
Anyone else understood, that is,
in principle, you said it right, yes, Russia is a
multinational country, but there should
be people here. In principle, in any country, in
any city, there should be people.  only people are
created for this purpose and prison colonies
so that people in any
society behave normally if a
person starts
starting this is an abnormal person so
again again Look how How  what do you think
about the fact that in Moscow they are building a
mosque, namely a mosque, another other Well,
what other Faith, Muslim
mosques, mulma
vki, there should be more Orthodox churches,
but if the
government approves it And why should there be
more if you have more Muslims living there
should be more Orthodox churches
I am here
that there are already more of them than
Christians because they
receive education and give birth to six
children and naturally development is going on. And
how many children have you already given birth to, and Yana has one. And
how old are you? 19 19 and when do
you plan to have your first child, I dont
know. In three years, how many?  you
will have two children and why don't you want them
to be Russians? I don't know How many
children will I have?
[music]
Why are you planning? I can't
regulate
this I understand that's good Well, look, let's do it this way
Chechens are Citizens of the Russian
Federation Dagestanis  Citizens of the Russian
Federation How do you feel about the fact that
they have six children and Russians
somehow have two, so far
zero Well, perhaps the
population of Russia should be  against
it because in principle there are more of them
such grannies we have always
been against Well yes there should be they should
be multinational you said it yourself
[music]
but our population has a negative attitude towards it in
principle more than that is what
you have Well
look  it turns out that you have a population, don't
look at how it is No, such a tendency has
developed that
people because of these
they are afraid of those people who are not Russians
who are
newcomers, our population is already Well, it is
so afraid How much are newcomers, you don't even
like people who are ROSI in Russia,
Dagestanis live well in  Moscow I have so
many
Russians There are people who are unbalanced very
balanced you are just riding in the subway a
person can push you onto the path I
will also be afraid now at such a
time I will also be afraid also of a
Russian person for me for example well I
don't think there is a Kazakh Uzbek walking there I don't
I think that they are more dangerous than some
Russian Russian can also be some kind of
just you understand
but no Well, I can hear you you
understand and It would be good if
other people could hear you not you A  in principle
other nations I am saying that Russians
also exist is abnormal I am not saying that
Russians are better than everyone No of course then look then the
question If you have such Nazism in the
Russian Federation Here you even I
see yes then why did you go to war in
Ukraine and not deal with
I don't know about my Nazis, there are many many versions,
what version are you, we ourselves may
not know either, well, you understand, now
politics is
different,
maybe four Armed Forces can be captured, how do I know, or
maybe he just wanted to
Supplement, why do you need it, but why don't I need it, I
live in  Moscow I am my
city my home my door it is enough for
me That is it is enough for me that I will
study in Moscow I will work in
Moscow I
[music] in
principle work Well in
principle I am glad if we have a
multinational country after this
war Yes I don't  I want
Ukrainians to be
killed too I was never against them I'll
tell you Baby I'm not from Kazakhstan I'm from
Ukraine your Russia will not exist after the war
it will fall apart And you
will be Glory to
Ukraine
or shutdown  about turning on the light magic
sent this and the light
turned on disappeared The light is some kind of peak well it
turned on again I thought it wouldn't be
like this subscribe and comment That was
divine Nazism in Ukraine where is
America where and here in short it came from it
it's just divine who won't subscribe
who  who won't like who won't delete who won't
send to friends you have no
soul write to y Telegram right now axis
VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube is busy
with us through scarg Orcs in your ban and very
many videos I don't show people sometimes I don't
show information about streams to that  in
order for us to write an operational link
right now and Popik there in
telegram will find videos that are also interesting and
useful information and we will oblige you
to keep the operational link
independently and show you about it
YouTube Slava  ukrainian
write ah